---
layout: post
title: "Fall"
date: 2024-01-26 13:20:15 -0000
image: assets/images/fall.jpg
---

Running up the steps I missed the last one. As the ankle twisted and I heard a distinctive crack, the first emotion that accompanied the searing pain was that of relief. While I stayed down on the ground for about 20 minutes absorbing the pain,  I kept thinking how nice it would be now to have an excuse to not get out of my bed anymore even if in some ways I don't have anyone to take care of me.

I called my wife, who was due to be on her stall in 30 minutes and told her and I have fallen down and might need to go to hospital. Her first response was that of frustration. "Of all days, you had to fall today". I understand her frustration. This was an important day for her. But wouldn't it be nice if someone dropped everything for you in a moment? After a stranger helped me with an ice pack, I limped back home later. I reflected if I have ever dropped important things when I had to, thankfully it is an answer that I like. Or so I'd like to believe.

In the moments of need, it can get lonely, but today I don't need anyone. Today I am not helpless. I am just down on the ground and I know I have to get up and help myself. And just how a stranger got me an ice pack for swollen ankle, maybe a bunch of strangers will lend me a hand and push me through this, without needing to feel that they need to forget that I exist. To be honest, I barely do and didn't think it was ever going to be a problem.
