---
layout: post
title: "Song In Heart"
date: 2025-10-25 13:17:00 -0000
image: assets/images/song-in-heart.jpg
---

The bell for his movement went off in the wee hours and after helping him I found myself unable to go back to sleep. I ended up doomscrolling as usual. Came across a song that was used as a background score by one of the videos. It is a Tamil song by Iliayaaraja. This reminded me of a song that she once shared she me as one of her favourites. Unfortunately I didn't remember the name or anything else about the song except the context of what it was about. Thanks to the modern technology and its ability to deal with fuzzy asks, i was able to eventually find it. Since then the tune for both songs is stuck in my head reminding me of the long morning chats in general over phone. De-compressing and starting day with a conversation who made mornings worth looking forward to. It has been so long that I have had a chat like that with anyone. These songs remind me of my rituals with her and of her as well. Few days back i dreamt of her. I don't remember the specifics but it was something in the context of her being indifferent to me on an airport. It is funny how many memories are all tied to travel, flights and airports and yet we were on Airports maybe only once. And I remember that instance ended in both of us being emotional and hurting each other. I am just glad we, and more specifically I, are not doing that to each other anymore. This, whatever this is, gives us certainty, closure and ability to move forward. Hopefully towards peace and happiness.